Getting Started with Form (#1485)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Form/01 Getting Started with Form/40 Organize the Form Items/10 In Columns.md

> You can divide form items into several columns. To keep the fixed number of columns, specify the number in the [colCount](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/#colCount) property. An item can occupy more than one column. For this, specify the [colSpan](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#colSpan) property. In the example below, the `Notes` item spans two columns:

Reviewer: > You can divide form items into several columns.

This is kinda obvious from the title, isn't it?

> To keep the fixed number of columns

What if I want the number of columns to adjust to the screen width?

> You can divide form items into several columns. To keep the fixed number of columns, specify the number in the [colCount](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/#colCount) property. An item can occupy more than one column. For this, specify the [colSpan](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Item_Types/SimpleItem/#colSpan) property. In the example below, the `Notes` item spans two columns:

Reviewer: The folder "40 Organize the Form Items" requires an empty md with the same name inside. Otherwise, the link to this section in the left-hand tree will be broken.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $("#formContainer").dxForm({
            formData: {
                name: "John Heart",
                position: "CEO",
                hireDate: new Date(2012, 4, 13),
                officeNumber: 901,

>                 notes: "John has been in the Audio/Video industry since 1990."

Reviewer 2: In previous topic, there was:

            formData: {
                name: "John Heart",
                officeNumber: 901,
                hireDate: new Date(2012, 4, 13)
            }

Two fields are added:
                position: "CEO",
                notes: "John has been in the Audio/Video industry since 1990."

imho one field is better

Author: I would like to keep this exact number to make the form look like in our demo (2 columns with even number of items and one item that spans two columns):
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/104488694-c9677280-55df-11eb-9f97-9fb95bcf5725.png)

> To keep the fixed number of columns, specify the number in the [colCount](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/#colCount) property. 
> 
> The Form can also automatically adjust the number of columns to the screen width. Specify the [screenByWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/#screenByWidth) and [colCountByScreen](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/colCountByScreen/) properties to enable this feature. 

Reviewer: These two features are about the same thing and cannot be used together. It would be natural to describe these features by conterpointing them with each other. Something like:

```suggestion
The Form can organize items in a fixed number of columns or automatically adjust it to the screen width. To set the fixed number of columns, assign it to the [colCount](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/#colCount) property as done in the code below. If the number should be auto-adjusted, configure the [screenByWidth](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/#screenByWidth) and [colCountByScreen](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxForm/Configuration/colCountByScreen/) properties. 
```
